Meeting 10/03/2017

Present: Adam, Claudia, Darrin, Ekaterina, Emerald, Joseph, Loic, Phuong-Thao

Time: 20mins

Discussed with TA:
	- Avatar Option
	- Larger fonts
	- Add a login with passwords for the users
	- Discussed possibly adding a logger to keep track of how long it takes a user to complete a level
	- Discussed what parts of the documentation could be started

TODOS:
	- Add another avatar
	- Create back/exit functions
	- Add a password for each individual user
	- Unit tests for select scripts only
	- Start working on the documentation